	1. What is Element?
		a. Elements are smallest building block of react components. An elements specifies what should be there is our UI.
		b. An element is a plain object describing what we want to appear in terms of the DOM node.
	
	2. Difference between library and framework?
		a. Both libraries and frameworks are the code written by someone else.
		b. By using library we can control flow of program while in framework, flow is controlled by framework.
		c. Library is called by programmer contrary to this framework (contains library) calls the code.
	
	3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
		a. CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications.
		b. CDN improves website speed by placing content in different edge servers around the globe and delivering it to visitors from nearest server.
		
	4. Why is React known as React?
		a. It is called because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond dynamically to changes in data.
		
	5. What is cross-origin in the script tag?
		a. It sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS.
		b. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other server.
		c. It allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain.
		d. It defines a way how browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request.
		
	6. What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
		a. React : It is a core file of react(used to build user interfaces).
		b. ReactDOM: It is a react library used for DOM manipulation.
		
	7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
		a. Development : More developer friendly, readable, will take more size. (react dev tools, debugging environment)
		b. Production : Minified code that is not developer friendly as it is focused on decreasing in file size, code efficiency.(performance will be faster).
		
	8. What are async and defer?
		a. These are Boolean attributes used with script tag for efficiency.
		b. Async : Scripts get fetched asynchronously along with parsing.
			i. Once scripts is available in browser, HTML parsing stops and scripts gets executed.
			ii. Once script execution is done, HTML parsing starts.
		c. Differ : Script is made available during HTML parsing, once HTML parsing stops then scripts starts executing.
			
